workshop/agenda.md, before:

# Workshop Agenda: WebAssembly and Rust - Unleashing Performance and Versatility

## Introduction (15 minutes)

- Welcome and brief overview of the workshop's objectives.
- A quick introduction to WebAssembly and Rust, highlighting their significance in modern web development.

## Section 1: WebAssembly on the Server (45 minutes)

1. **What is WebAssembly? (5 minutes)**

   - The basics of WebAssembly, its purpose, and how it works.

     - Wasm allows for code portability between projects.
     - Wasm makes it possible for the same code to run server-side and client-side.
     - Wasm is for performance aware applications.

   - History of webassembly.
     - Is fairly new (March 2017).
     - Note to `asm.js`.
     - Was used by Microsoft in `blazor`.

2. **Wasmer and portability (5 minutes)**

   - Introduction of Wasmer and demonstration of its uses.

3. **Demo: Language Soup! (20 minutes)**

   - Examples of using WebAssembly on the server incorporating multiple languages.

## Section 2: Performance and Use Cases (45 minutes)

1. **Performance Benefits of WebAssembly (15 minutes)**

   - Explain how WebAssembly offers near-native performance.
   - Discuss use cases where performance is crucial.

2. **Web-Embedded Games and Graph Drawing (15 minutes)**

   - Showcase examples and case studies of performance-intensive tasks, like web-embedded games and real-time graph drawing, implemented with WebAssembly.

3. **Exercise: Implement a Web-Embedded Game (15 minutes)**

   - A simple exercise to create a small web-embedded game using WebAssembly and Rust.

## Section 3: WebAssembly on the Front-end (45 minutes)

1. **Introduction to WebAssembly on the Front-end (10 minutes)**

   - ## How WebAssembly can be used in the browser.

2. **WASM-Bindgen & Leptos (15 minutes)**

   - Intro to WASM-Bindgen and how it simplifies the interaction between JavaScript and WebAssembly.
   - Introduction to Leptos which is a web framework incorporating .

3. **Hands-On with WASM-Bindgen (20 minutes)**
   - Provide exercises for participants to integrate Rust code into a web page using WASM-Bindgen.

## Q&A and Conclusion (15 minutes)

- Last minute Q&A.
- Sammary and the key takeaways from the workshop.
- Resources for further learning and exploration.

Commit message:

feat(workshop): ports and langs

workshop/agenda.md, after:

# Workshop Agenda: WebAssembly and Rust - Unleashing Performance and Versatility

## Introduction (10 minutes)

- Welcome and brief overview of the workshop's objectives.
- Who this workshop is for and prerequisites.
- A quick introduction to WebAssembly and Rust, highlighting their significance in modern web development.

## Section 1: What is WASM?

1. **What is WebAssembly? (5 minutes)**

   - The basics of WebAssembly, its purpose, and how it works.

     - Wasm allows for code portability between projects.
     - Wasm makes it possible for the same code to run server-side and client-side.
     - Wasm is for performance aware applications.

   - History of webassembly.
     - Is fairly new (March 2017).
     - Note to `asm.js`.
     - Was used by Microsoft in `blazor`.

2. **Wasmer and portability (5 minutes)**

   - Introduction of Wasmer and demonstration of its uses.

3. **Demo: Language Soup! (20 minutes)**

   - Examples of using WebAssembly on the server incorporating multiple languages.

## Section 2: Performance and Use Cases (45 minutes)

1. **Performance Benefits of WebAssembly (15 minutes)**

   - Explain how WebAssembly offers near-native performance.
   - Discuss use cases where performance is crucial.

2. **Web-Embedded Games and Graph Drawing (15 minutes)**

   - Showcase examples and case studies of performance-intensive tasks, like web-embedded games and real-time graph drawing, implemented with WebAssembly.

3. **Exercise: Implement a Web-Embedded Game (15 minutes)**

   - A simple exercise to create a small web-embedded game using WebAssembly and Rust.

## Section 3: WebAssembly on the Front-end (45 minutes)

1. **Introduction to WebAssembly on the Front-end (10 minutes)**

   - ## How WebAssembly can be used in the browser.

2. **WASM-Bindgen & Leptos (15 minutes)**

   - Intro to WASM-Bindgen and how it simplifies the interaction between JavaScript and WebAssembly.
   - Introduction to Leptos which is a web framework incorporating .

3. **Hands-On with WASM-Bindgen (20 minutes)**
   - Provide exercises for participants to integrate Rust code into a web page using WASM-Bindgen.

## Q&A and Conclusion (15 minutes)

- Last minute Q&A.
- Sammary and the key takeaways from the workshop.
- Resources for further learning and exploration.
